alpe lusia also school tracks
so we talk about the profession
of the ski instructor and we do it with
stefano griot the ski instructor today
stefano is a kind of true
escort in the territory we could
define it this way because you communicate the
techniques but also the environment if in
primis always try to communicate the
technique and certainly infuse
ski safety to our customers e
to try to explain a moment later
landscape is also how it behaves to
snow yes because so many teach us
mountain writers like rigoni stern
for example, there are many types of snow
yes the snow is never the same since
falls from the sky when it leans in
earth continues to change is always in
change
we can imagine it as a carpet that
go down and along the slope of the
mountain and always in motion and change
always with respect to temperature e
to humidity I stefano at this point you
I would also ask for advice, see that
my skiing needs some
correction with just a few mirai
any advice but advice first
of all is to be relaxed in the
skiing without being tense we succeed in
the best way to express our
technical and physical skills and how it goes
set the curve then the curve yes
sfross initially uses force
of gravity through the movement of
our body favors the strength of
severity
keeping our body always ahead
we can't ski well when the
our body is perpendicular to the slope
therefore we must always be projected
towards the front
in the second part of the curve we must
load downhill skiing or outdoor skiing
for those who prefer ten trying not to
lower our body does not lower it
towards the ground then you are very
engaged in preparing children
here you really learn the art
yes teach children how to ski
just the right method to learn to
do this job well because a
child is not like talking to one
adult person who understands everything well
the one who explains to him the child learns
at 90 percent for imitation then
you have to be very smart to understand
the child in front of him and show him
how is it in a very way
simple without using big words that you don't
they are of no use
not for nothing some children in the courses
foreign collectives who do not understand
what you say and do not talk learn to
skiing like Italian children because the
child all his motor patterns are
new he learns everything in little
time while an adult already has
all his motor patterns are already
all the facts so you need to be there
another type of work is a little more like it
can say set an adult person
we say that it is more difficult than it is like
a child